# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:** 30th January 2025
* **ASSISTANTS:** Ivan Sanchez

### Minutes
The contents of the first deliverable were discussed in this meeting. After looking at our project idea, Ivan mentioned that it needed more clarity in terms of what was written in the Wiki. The key features and purpose of the API were suggested to be revised. Moreover, Ivan mentioned that it was not clear that whether the external API was using REST/grpc. And the example given for its application should have been in the context of a Journal API. 

Apart from that, it was suggested that the whole text be rewritten because of the use of AI. 

### Action points
The action points were:
- Rewrite whole text in paragraphic format.
- Revise the content of Key Features and Purpose of the API.
- Clarify the communication being used in External API example, and add a more relevant use case.
- Overall, the text should have more clarity in it.




## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




